hey guys it's mr. customs 101 here and
today I'm gonna be reviewing all these
Lego super heroes Batman minifigures um
I believe to them are customs but the
rest are real from real sets but um the
reason I'm doing this is just so I can
review all their styles and just the
ones I'm gonna be reviewing are from
2012 2013 and 2014 and right here I have
on the beat up that man in which Bane
has beat Bruce Wayne up um and Batman
doesn't Knight Rises um so this is where
I got the beat up Batman I put a little
marker there and then smudge it kind of
to make him look like you got a black
eye same Batman torso just on the Sun
black hand I added a tan hand and his
black pants I have the Arctic Batman the
classic dark blue Batman the original
black Batman electro Batman and I have
customized this white and black Batman I
have his bat sign and his six-pack
I have his own white boots his shoulder
pads and I just customized his whole
helmet with black and his um capers has
it's like um an A but with not the cross
and instead of just the white eyes I
added the black around it so would make
him look more menacing but then I had
the Arkham origins Batman or the Riddler
chased Batman you can only get this suit
and one set so far
um the Arctic Batman I'm sorry not the
Arctic Batman do me well yeah I kind of
stole the Arctic Batman but scuba Batman
in scuba suit I have the gliding Batman
and I have the Dark Knight Rises Dark
Knight so guys I hope you like this
little update um this is just all the
Batmen figures that I have so far so
comment like and subscribe and I'll see
you later